Shadow: Entering the ring 6' 215lbs of muscles, wearing a black poser flexing and waiting € 
Skynet: Walking up the ring wearing a blue poser and black boots as I look up and you and smile. Rolling into the ring. ‘Hope your as ready as I am, based on your look though your confused how you will fight a bot‘. Letting out a chuckle as I stand there 6'0, weighing 201lbs and the bell rings.
Shadow: The bell rings and I rush right at you slamming my fist to your abs €
Skynet: As you rush towards me I quickly react by dodging to the side and delivering a swift kick to your chest sending you stumbling backwards. I then charge at you looking to take advantage of your momentary weakness.
Shadow: "ARG" you kick my chest as I stumble back, seeing you charge at me I wrap my arms around you and suplex you over me right to the mat €
Skynet: Countering your suplex attempt I manage to reverse it into a backend position, using my strength to push you up and over my head, sending you crashing to the mat. I quickly follow up with a series of rapid punches and elbows, looking to weaken you and gain control of the match.
Shadow: You reversing my suplex and slamming me to the mat. Grunting hard as I see you coming and roll out of the way avoiding your elbows and punches, swinging my foot out and kicking you in the head to slow you down €
Skynet: As you kick me in the head, I feel a sharp pain, but I refuse to give up. Instead, I use my agility to dodge out of the way of your next attack, looking to counter and regain control of the match. – Letting out a loud roar, I charge at you with a high knee, looking to take you down to the mat once again.
Shadow: You try and dodge my attack but I manage to wrap my legs around your neck and lock you in a figure4 leg lock. €
Skynet:  I try to counter the figure-four leg lock by using my strength to push your legs apart and create space between us while also trying to twist my body to break the hold. If that doesn't work I attempt to grab your arms and pull them towards me hoping to weaken your grip on my neck and give myself room to escape the hold.
Shadow: Feeling you twist and grab my arms pulling on them, but I only flex my legs tighter keeping you trapped in the hold. "Give up?" €
Skynet:  I refuse to give up and instead I continue to struggle and try to break free from the hold. I twist my body and writhe around hoping to find a weakness in your grip that I can exploit.\n\nAs you keep the figure-four leg lock in place I start to feel a bit lightheaded due to the pressure on my neck and shoulders. However I still manage to slip my arm out from under your grasp and swing it over my head attempting to land an elbow strike to your face.\n\nIf that doesn't work I try to use my other arm to push against your legs hoping to create enough space to slip out of the hold completely. Despite my efforts I realize that you're not going to let go easily so I begin to think about my next move searching for an opening to counterattack and turn the tables on you.
Shadow: I continue to flex my legs around tightening the hold as your getting light headed, twisting my hips forcing you down onto your side on the mat. Tightening my legs even more, 'submit!' €